[Silence.]
[Music.]
Well, howdy friends. It's your neighbor Jelly Elliott and the Three Knotheads. Yes, we're just sitting under this big old pine tree... as you come down the trail. Just pull down a pine knot and sit on down.
We're gonna try to play a few of these hillbilly tunes.
Might play ones you'd like to hear.
We got a few things we'd like to talk to you about.
So just stay tuned and take her to the backer and spit on the bar.
All right.
Well, we got that and over with right quick, didn't we?
Now, friends, we want you to make yourself comfortable and feel at home.
Pull off your shoes if they're hurting you.
And I know a lot of you ladies out there, your shoes is hurting you.
So just pull them off.
It's all right.
We want you to feel at home and be comfortable.
We're going to play a few tunes here.
And we hope we play one that you like, or maybe all of them.
We're going to get things started off here featuring Deacon.
Deacon, our electric steel man here.
He's just got more steel in his lap than he can handle.
So we're going to get him all wound up here on his double-barrel Ethiopian steam-heated butane-burning guitar with a little bit of Panhandle Rag.
[Music.]
What am I laughing about?
I'm telling you the truth.
I don't know what I'm laughing about.
I'm so mad, I don't know what to put it in.
I'm just as mad as an old wet-settin' hen ever did of me is mad.
You're mad?
Yeah.
Ever ain't so mean?
I've been in the foaming all the way.
Yeah, I'm telling you, Slim, all day.
I'm dangerous.
What's the matter with you?
I'm really mad.
It beats anything I ever seen of.
What's the matter?
Well, Dad Burnett, you know I got two old dogs.
Yeah.
Bird dogs.
Yeah, old hounds.
Bird dogs, and...
They lay around there on the front porch, and every time I come in, I stumble over a dog and fall down, skin or shin, and they eat me out of a house and home.
Had to keep them all the year, feed them about 11 months, feed them 11 months to get to hunt birds with them, about a month.
And I fed them all the year, fed them good.
And there was one old brown had to take him as a veterinarian three times.
He had the pip, gush, and cliff, and the sick alien, and donks, and the cane heppies.
And I got him shot, and
You know, with the hypo needle, I think.
He shot him, and he had to mange, and I had to help him scratch and everything.
I'm telling you, I just had more trouble with them bloomy dogs, and I got a good place where I used to go bird hunting.
And I went over there bird hunting the other day, and when the season opened, what do you think?
I don't think.
Some leatherhead had come along there and burned off the whole country.
Just burned up the woods, burned up all the grass, all the feed.
Why, they couldn't nothing live out there no more.
A polecat would have to pack a three-day lunch to get across that burnt over ground.
That's a tooth.
There's nothing for it.
That beats anything.
Let's play a tune.
I'm just disgusted, and something's got to be done about it.
I'm right here to tell you.
Something's got to be done.
We're going to do something about it, too.
That's got to stop burning off the woods and burning up there.
I'm disgusted.
Let's sing a song.
Who's going to sing?
All three of us, yeah.
All three of us are going to sing at once here, friends.
It's bad enough to have to put up with one of us singing at the time, but right now it's all three of us.
And I don't know what this is going to sound like, but don't hold it against us.
And here it is, Blues, Stay Away From Me.
[Music.]
Blues, stay away from me.
Blues, why don't you let me be?
Don't know why you keep on haunting me. Love was never meant for me. True love was never meant for me.
Seems somehow we never can agree.
Life is full of misery.
Dreams are like a memory.
Bringing back your love that used to be.
Tears so many I can't see.
Years don't mean a thing to me.
Time goes by and still I can't be free.
[Music.]
Blues, stay away from me. Blues, why don't you let me be? Don't know why you keep on calling me.
Well, thank you, boys.
There it is.
Blues stay away from me.
That's what I say, but I got them.
I sure got the blues, I'm telling you.
You know, friend, that beats anything I've ever seen.
Now, you hunters out there, you hunters and fishermen, sports are supposed to be sports, and they ain't.
They're not a sport.
They're sports at heart, but I guess they just don't know how to be a sport.
I reckon that's it.
I don't know.
There's some good in everybody, I reckon, something.
But anyhow, the serious thing is that all us hunters and fishermen, we ought to be more particular with our
our fires out in the woods and the fields and around like that.
You go out fishing or hunting, you build a fire, you ought to be careful with it.
You go out camping and have a wonderful time and maybe you kill a lot of game and kill the limit and just have a good time.
But then you go on home and you're still just as happy as you can be.
You're anxious to get home and show the old lady and the kids what all you've killed and everything and you go off and leave a chunk on fire there where you
had fried fish or something, and then after you're home and just telling all your friends about it, the woods catches on fire and burns over, and next year you go back out there to hunt and fish.
Well, there's nothing to hunt and fish because it ain't got nothing to eat.
It can't stay there.
What don't burn up has to leave or starve to death one, and we get careless with our fires.
I know I have done things like that myself, and there ain't but one difference in me and a lot of you fellas.
I'll admit mine, and you won't.
And that's the truth.
We ought to be more careful about it.
Friends, let's just all join together and see if we can't make this year less forest fires than ever before.
If we don't do something about it, it's just a matter of a short time when we won't have nothing to hunt.
Now, I've kept them dogs all year and fed them, and I got nothing to hunt.
I guess I'll just have to take them out and shoot them or give them away or drown them and do something with them.
I can't just keep them and feed them
Well, nothing, because they're too much trouble.
They cost too much.
An old poor country boy like me just can't afford it.
So the only way that we can stop this, friends, there ain't but one way to do it, and that's for you and me to stop it.
That's just all there is to it.
And we can do it, and we're going to do it.
Now, with your cooperation, friends, we'll stop it.
Did you ever stop to think what one little match would do?
Just a little T-90 match.
Why, it could burn up millions of dollars worth of stuff.
One little old T-90 match, about two inches long.
It's got a head on one end and nothing on the other end.
And it can cause lots of damage.
Let's sing another song, boys.
We've got time here for about another tune.
Another song, I guess, maybe.
Slim's going to sing one here.
One of our good friend Hank Williams' tunes.
Old Hank done a good job on this, and I hope Slim can do half as good.
Maybe some of you will like it out there.
And anyway, here it is, and it's a tune called Mansions on the Hill.
Tonight down here in the valley
I'm lonesome and old how I feel.
As I sit here alone in my cabin, I can see your mansion on the hill.
Do you recall when we parted? The story to me you revealed?
You said you could live without love, dear, in your loveless mansion on the hill.
[Music.]
I've waited all through the years, love
To give you a heart true and real. I know you're living in sorrow on your loveless mansion on the hill. The lights shine bright from your window.
The trees stand so silent and still. I know you're alone with your sorrow In your loveless mansion on the hill.
Well, thank you, Slim.
Thank you.
There it is, friends.
We hope that you've enjoyed that tune.
Mansions on the Hill.
You know, friends, we'd like to hear from you.
We'd like to have a card or letter.
Just send it to Jelly Elliott and the Three Knotheads in care of the station to which you're now listening.
They'll send the mail on to us, and we'll get it, and it'll just tickle us to death.
We'll think we're doing something grand, you know.
And, boy, we'll really feel proud if you'll write to us.
And you hunters and fishermen out there and you campers and all that sort of fellows, you know, hunters and fishermen, sports and all, go out on the fish bank creek and build up a little farther and fry your fish and all.
Be careful with it.
Rake the leaves back.
And when you get ready to leave, make sure it's all out.
You know, one little spark could just ruin your hunting and fishing place.
And it could.
Just sit down and think.
Just a minute.
Just stop and think a minute.
And the only way to stop it, friends, is for us to stop it.
Yes, sir.
You and me.
And we can do it.
Now, we've run out of time.
We're gonna have to go.
But before we go, friends, I'd like to leave a little thought here for the day with all you good sportsmen out there.
And it is a good sportman makes campfires work for him instead of against him.
We gotta go, son.
Friends, we've really enjoyed visiting with you, sitting here on the old pine tree.
Now, we'll be back...
Yes, sir, you just listen to the announcer, and he'll let you know just what day.
We'll be waiting right here under this old pine tree for you.
So be sure and come down to see us.
We'd like to have you.
Remember, friends, only you can prevent forest fires.
[Music.]
[Silence.]